[libcxx] Add `LIBCXX_HAS_TERMINAL_AVAILABLE` CMake option to disable `print` terminal checks (#99259)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/CMakeLists.txt

  "Whether to include support for Unicode in the library. Disabling Unicode can
   be useful when porting to platforms that don't support UTF-8 encoding (e.g.
   embedded)." ON)

> option(LIBCXX_HAS_TERMINAL_AVAILABLE "Build libc++ with terminal checking support" ON)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
option(LIBCXX_ENABLE_TERMINAL_SUPPORT "Build libc++ with support for checking whether a stream is a terminal." ON)
```

option(LIBCXX_HAS_EXTERNAL_THREAD_API
  "Build libc++ with an externalized threading API.
   This option may only be set to ON when LIBCXX_ENABLE_THREADS=ON." OFF)

> option(LIBCXX_HAS_TERMINAL_AVAILABLE "Build libc++ with terminal checking support" ON)

Reviewer: Let's move this to around line 106 above. Just below `LIBCXX_ENABLE_WIDE_CHARACTERS` & friends.
